Main Page From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Welcome to , the that . articles in From today's featured article 
The 
in 
was an 
project, spearheaded by American financier 
to help revitalize 
. 
occupies 22 acres (8.9 ha) on one of 
's former campuses, with some 17 million square feet (1.6×10 6 
m 2 
) of office space. All structures in the original complex were designed in the 
style. Excavation of the site started in April 1931, and construction of the first buildings began that September. The first of the complex's edifices was opened in September 1932, and most of them were completed by 1935. The final three buildings in the original complex were built between 1936 and 1940. The project employed over 40,000 people and was the largest private construction project at the time. An additional building went up at 
in 1947, and another at 
was built in 1952. Four towers were built in the 1960s and 1970s. ( 
) Recently featured: Did you know... Male Luna moth ... that the long tails on the hindwings of the (pictured) are thought to interfere with detection used by predatory bats? ... that five years ago today, left her handbag and behind when she ran out of a at 2 a.m., and has not been seen since? ... that the , one of South Korea's largest corruption cases, involved presidential aides, a former minister, and top banking executives? ... that was part of the gold-winning team in the men's relay of the for three consecutive years from 2016 to 2018? ... that a Jewish prisoner at the along with an ? ... that in 2017, joined eight other in switching parties after a dispute over commission seats, more than doubling the 's ranks? ... that a line of T-shirts produced by featuring art by became popular in the ? ... that American pediatrician believed that could be spoiled if the mother was anxious? In the news Jocelyn Bell Burnell (pictured) , who co-discovered but was omitted from the related , receives the . is stabbed during . The portions of the colonial-era , thereby making all private consensual sexual acts between adults legal. in the south of , Japan, results in at least forty-one deaths. affects Taiwan and Japan, killing at least seventeen people and causing extensive damage in the of Japan. : On this day 
: 
begins (Hinduism, 2018); 
of 
(Western Christianity) John Calvin – After three years of exile, (pictured) returned to to reform the church under a body of doctrine that came to be known as . – An explosion drove an iron rod through the head of railroad foreman , making him an important early case of personality change after . – Generals and staged after junta leader demoted them. – reached a minimum pressure of 888 mb (26.22 inHg) with sustained flight-level winds of 185 mph (295 km/h), making it the most intense on record at the time. – took place within a span of a few minutes in , India, one terrorist attack in a series committed by the . 
(d. 1813) · 
(b. 1883) · 
(d. 1953) More anniversaries: Today's featured picture 
(1436–1521) was the 75th 
of the 
from 1501 until his death. Loredan's reign began during the disastrous 
, which he settled with a peace treaty in 1503 at the cost of considerable loss of territory. Later that year a dispute arose between Loredan and Pope 
, after Venice occupied territory in the northern 
. This escalated into the 1509 
in which Venice was fighting an alliance of the Pope and 
. Venice was defeated, but in 1513 Loredan formed a new alliance with the French King 
against Pope Julius. This resulted in a decisive victory. 
This 
was painted by 
and hangs in the 
. Painting: Recently featured: Other areas of Wikipedia – Bulletin board, projects, resources and activities covering a wide range of Wikipedia areas. – Ask questions about using Wikipedia. – For Wikipedia-related communication in languages other than English. – Serving as virtual librarians, Wikipedia volunteers tackle your questions on a wide range of subjects. – Announcements, updates, articles and press releases on Wikipedia and the Wikimedia Foundation. – For discussions about Wikipedia itself, including areas for technical issues and policies. Wikipedia's sister projects 
Wikipedia is hosted by the 
, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other 
: Free media repository Wiki software development Wikimedia project coordination Free textbooks and manuals Free knowledge base Free-content news Collection of quotations Free-content library Directory of species Free learning materials and activities Free travel guide Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages 
This Wikipedia is written in 
. Started in 2001 ( 2001 ) 
, it currently contains 
articles. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. More than 1,000,000 articles: More than 250,000 articles: More than 50,000 articles: Retrieved from " " Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Namespaces Variants Views More Search Navigation Interaction Tools Print/export In other projects Languages This page was last edited on 26 June 2018, at 14:19 (UTC) . Text is available under the ; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the and . Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the , a non-profit organization.