VOV Online Newspaper VOV.VN - “Vietnam has no ambitions to be the best in globalization but it has a desire to befriend the best players,” said Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc at the Vietnam Business Summit 2018 (VBS 2018) in Hanoi on September 13. VOV.VN - WEF Founder and Executive Chairman Prof. Klaus Schwab commended the World Economic Forum on ASEAN 2018 (WEF ASEAN 2018) in Vietnam as the most successful regional meeting of the WEF while meeting with Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc in Hanoi on September 13. General Secretary of the Communist Party of Vietnam Central Committee Nguyen Phu Trong had a meeting with First Vice President of the Councils of State and Ministers of Cuba Salvado Valdes Mesa in Hanoi on September 13. Facebook should closely coordinate with the Ministry of Information and Communications of Vietnam in its operation in the country, remove wrongful information that negatively affect the country’s national security, social order and safety as well as the peaceful life of the Vietnamese people. VOV.VN - A number of agencies from Vietnam and the Republic of Korea are working together to organize the Vietnam International Machinery Fair (VIMAF) and Vietnam Supporting Industry Fair (VSIF) in Ho Chi Minh City later this year. Ho Chi Minh City and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) hope to enhance their ties to facilitate infrastructure development in Vietnam’s southern economic hub. Super Typhoon Mangkhut is forecast to hit the northern mainland of Vietnam on September 17 and 18, according to the National Centre for Hydro-Meteorological Forecasting (NCHF). VOV.VN - The Miss Vietnam 2018 contestants have wowed fans with their wonderful figures in the latest swimsuit photoshoot in Danang City recently. VOV.VN - Conductor Olivier Ochanine and solo guitarists Mauricio Diaz and Hang Nguyen will join the Sun Symphony Orchestra in a special concert to mark the 208th anniversary of Mexico’s Independence Day at Hanoi Opera House on the evening of September 14. | |